README.md, before:

# Game Colors v1
> ![game_colors](https://github.com/AkariOficial/game_colors/assets/58480908/feafe27d-7e02-4a0a-993f-f341d3b0e553)
> 
> *Welcome to Game Colors! This is a simple game where you can test your luck and guess the color chosen by the computer. Each round, you can place a bet and choose from a variety of colors. If you guess the correct color, you will win a payout based on the color's odds.*

----

### Notice
> Currently, the game _game_colors_ is a simple version where players can place bets on colors and try to guess the color chosen by the computer.

### Requirements
 - Python 3.11.x

### How to Play?

<details>
<summary>Instructions to play</summary>

1. Run the game and enter your initial balance.
2. Place your bet by entering the desired amount. The minimum bet is $1.00.
3. Choose one of the available colors: Yellow, Blue, Green, Red, or Purple.
4. If your chosen color matches the computer's selection, you win! The payout is based on the color's odds.
5. If your guess is incorrect, you lose your bet amount.
6. Continue playing as long as you have a positive balance. If you run out of money, the game is over.

</details>

### Color Odds
 1. **Yellow🟡**:   _3x payout_
 2. **Blue🔵**:     _5x payout_
 3. **Green🟢**:    _10x payout_
 4. **Red🔴**:      _20x payout_
 5. **Purple🌸**:   _50x payout_

### Ok, how to Run?
 1. Clone this repository.
 2. Navigate to the game_colors directory.
 3. Run script with python ```python game_colors_beta.py```.

Commit message:

Added documentation: English, Portuguese and Japanese.
English full documentation
完全な日本語ドキュメント
Português Documentação completa.

README.md, after:

# Game Colors v1
> ![game_colors](https://github.com/AkariOficial/game_colors/assets/58480908/feafe27d-7e02-4a0a-993f-f341d3b0e553)
> 
> *Welcome to Game Colors! This is a simple game where you can test your luck and guess the color chosen by the computer. Each round, you can place a bet and choose from a variety of colors. If you guess the correct color, you will win a payout based on the color's odds.*

----

### Notice
> Currently, the game _game_colors_ is a simple version where players can place bets on colors and try to guess the color chosen by the computer.

### You can read this doc in
**[<kbd> <br> 简体中文 <br> </kbd>](https://github.com/whyakari/game_colors/blob/game_colors_v1/README-JP.md)**&emsp;**[<kbd> <br> English <br> </kbd>](https://github.com/whyakari/game_colors/blob/game_colors_v1/README.md)**&emsp;**[<kbd> <br> Portuguese <br> </kbd>](https://github.com/whyakari/game_colors/blob/game_colors_v1/README-PT.md)**&emsp;

### Requirements
 - Python 3.11.x

### How to Play?

<details>
<summary>Instructions to play</summary>

1. Run the game and enter your initial balance.
2. Place your bet by entering the desired amount. The minimum bet is $1.00.
3. Choose one of the available colors: Yellow, Blue, Green, Red, or Purple.
4. If your chosen color matches the computer's selection, you win! The payout is based on the color's odds.
5. If your guess is incorrect, you lose your bet amount.
6. Continue playing as long as you have a positive balance. If you run out of money, the game is over.

</details>

### Color Odds
 1. **Yellow🟡**:   _3x payout_
 2. **Blue🔵**:     _5x payout_
 3. **Green🟢**:    _10x payout_
 4. **Red🔴**:      _20x payout_
 5. **Purple🌸**:   _50x payout_

### Ok, how to Run?
 1. Clone this repository.
 2. Navigate to the game_colors directory.
 3. Run script with python ```python game_colors_beta.py```.
